as the attorney representing Adrienne's
trust I'm required to read a prepared
statement Cecelia although our
relationship was far from perfect I
thought that you would talk to me rather
than run away okay what happened to him
he cut his wrists for his final wishes
you're getting five million dollars
contingent of course on the fine print
they can't be ruled to be mentally
incompetent it just doesn't make any
sense what Adrienne wouldn't kill
himself listen I'm getting your freedom
back okay don't let him haunt you
[Music]
I'm scared you don't have to be scared
of him anymore he was a sociopath
completely in control of everything he
said that wherever I went he would find
me walk right up to me and I wouldn't be
able to see him okay someone's sitting
in that chair I found something I can't
prove what I'm experiencing you need
help
Adrian is dead I wouldn't tell us today
he's not dead
I have a pile of ashes in the box that
would disagree with you he has figured
out a way to be invisible
only thing more brilliant than inventing
something that makes you invisible then
it was coming up with the perfect way to
torture you even in death
Adrian is true genius was how I got in
people's heads don't come any closer
and I'm not crazy
believe me you're saying the person
trying to kill you
is in the room right now but we can't
see him
[Music]
there you are
you
[Music]